{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Description of Attention Deficit Disorder
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs28 \cf0 This part of the website is designed to give you a basic understanding of ADD. It is the only part that I created myself using research from several websites and my experience having an extreme case of ADD.
\fs24 \
\
What is ADD? \
Attention Deficit Disorder, or ADD comes from neurons, or nerve cells that are malformed. These malformed neurons don't send the right information. They might send garbled information, send too much information, send information too often or not send information at all. All neurological problems stem from malformed neurons. In some cases not enough blood is getting to the brain and the brain cannot function properly. This can also be treated much more easily than malformed neurons. Everyones brain is different, composed of synapses, or connections between nerves, formed by experiences in life. No one has the same experiences, so no one has the same synapses. Thus, the symptoms of neurological problems vary. Neurological problems are grouped by what symptoms people have. This is almost arbitrary since everyone has different symptoms. It is really hard to fit people into one problem. ADD specifically is characterized by the side effect of not being able to pay attention on command. This can happen for a variety of reasons but if you have this symptom, you can be considered ADD.\
\
Treatment:\
I will stick to the treatment of ADD because that is the neurological disorder that I am familiar with, but the general treatment outlined in this page will work for any neurological problem.\
	Since symptoms are different for everyone with a neurological problem, treatment is very hard. The bottom line is that people with neurological problems do not have "bad brains." They just have brains that are different for everybody else. The point of your brain is to help you be happy and accomplish what you want in life. There are many drugs that alter your mind. These act just like many illegal drugs in that they change your brain chemistry. The difference is that you will use these drugs responsibly and correctly to make you the person that you want to be. There is no set program that will figure out what drug you need. You just need to visit a doctor and make educated guesses on  what drug you need. The drug may even change as you get older. You just have to experiment to find the right drug and find a good doctor to prescribe it. The more educated your doctor is about mind altering drugs, the faster you can find the right one. Sometimes you may even need to take more than one to combat different symptoms. This method of drug use is the same for any neurological disorder. It is a false belief that one drug will give someone everything they need. Drugs are built for common groups of symptoms and even with good drugs, people with ADD must change parts of their personalities on their own to suite their needs. I keep saying ADD because that is the neurological disorder that I am familiar with, but the general treatment outlined in this page will work for any neurological problem.\
	Another treatment method, one that works incredibly well is to go to a special clinic and get what is called, Neurofeedback. Neurofeedback is a method that is used to redevelop malformed synapses in the brain. Synapses are built by thought and the more you think something, the more the synapse corresponding to that thought will develop. Doing specific types of tasks will develop certain synapses more. What Neurofeedback does is use computers and brain scans to develop synapses in the brain. First, a brain scan will be taken to isolate malformed synapses, then electrodes will be hooked up to those synapses. After a special computer is calibrated to your brain, you will be asked to perform certain tasks and control the computer through the electrode. These are calculated to strengthen the synapses. This method is incredibly helpful for any neurological problem. It will not make the problem disappear, but it will make it less severe and help someone will ADD on their way to changing their personality. \
	Last but not least, to effectively manage any neurological problem, you need to isolate which synapses are underdeveloped. Speaking from experience, the best way to do this is with a brain scan. This is when a machine reads the electric signals in your brain (information in the brain is sent with electricity). It finds which synapses are being used and cross references this with normal peoples brains to tell you where your brain is lacking. This is very helpful, since it is normal for five psychiatrists to diagnose the same patient with completely different neurological disorders. Needless to say, treatment for ADD is incredibly expensive. Many healthcare providers do not cover mind altering drugs so people with ADD may have to pay out of pocket for drugs. Brain scans are also expensive and require a special clinic. Neurofeedback is the most expensive option even though it is the most effective. It also requires long stays in a special clinic so people with ADD might have to move for a period of time.\
\
Symptoms:\
Symptoms vary in any neurological problem. ADD specifically is characterized by not being able to pay attention. This may be because you are too mellow, too hyper or too impulsive. Attention Deficit Hyperactive Disorder (when you are too hyper) and the newer inattentive disorder (when you are to mellow) have been rolled into ADD since doctors cannot keep on naming disorders with common symptoms. The solution is to just find a way to change you mind through experimentation and stop your bad habits through practice.\
\
Controversy:\
Since ADD is such a broad term, many doctors are diagnosing people who have other disorders with ADD. Since ADD is not so well understood, parents will sometimes take normal kids in and they will be diagnosed with ADD. While it is true that many people who claim to have ADD may be fine or may have another disorder, it is not true to say that ADD does not exist  or that it can be treated completely with no outside help. Speaking from experience, it is probably the worst possible insult to say the former statement to someone who struggles with ADD. It makes people with ADD want to scream when the problem that bothers them their whole life them is so offhandedly tossed aside.\
\
Clinic:\
I found this clinic to be incredibly helpful and the doctors to be competent:\
http://www.amenclinics.com/\
It is called the Amen Clinic and I would strongly recommended it.\
\
Ending Comment:\
While it is good to change your brain if it gives you the tools to succeed more in life, it is also true that there is nothing wrong with you if you have ADD. Your brain is just different. This can sometimes give you unique insight and help you solve problems. Who knows, ADD could help you become a rocket scientist!}