{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 What drugs do  doctors prescribe for them?\
\
The following graphs will detail the types of drugs that patients with ADD were first prescribed when they went to the doctor. Since this is an especially long statistic, I decided to just give the names of general types of drugs and the percentage of people with ADD that were prescribed them, instead of the percentages for each individuale drug. I have included a list of the three most common brand name drugs under each type:\
\
List 1:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 1. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
CNS Stimulant\
	-Concerta, \
	-Adderall, \
	-Adderall XR\
2. SSRI Antidepressants \
	-Zoloft, \
	-Prozac, \
	-Celexa\
3. Atypical Antipsychotics\
	-Seroquel, \
	-Risperdal, \
	-Abilify\
4. Benzodiazepines\
	-Triazolam, \
	-Klonopin, \
	-Clonopin\
5. Viral Vaccine\
	-Fluzone, \
	-Hepatitis A Vaccine, \
	-Flumist\
6. Smoking Cessation Agents\
	-Wellbutrin XL, \
	-Wellbutrin, \
	-Wellbutrin SR  \
7. Miscellaneous Antidepressants\
	-Same three drugs as Smoking Cessation Agents\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl280\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
8. Antihistamine\
	-Benadryl, \
	-Allegra, \
	-ED-Chlor-TAN\
9. Miscellaneous Anxiolytics, Sedatives and Hypnotics\
	-Benadryl, \
	-Ambien CR, \
	-Hydroxyzine\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
10. Antiadrenergic Agents, Centrally Acting\
	-Clonidine, \
	-Tenex, \
	-Guanfacine\
11. Benzodiazepine Anticonvulsants\
	-Klonopin, \
	-Clonopin, \
	-Lorazepam\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
12. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Miscellaneous Uncategorized Agents\
	-Unknown Prescription, \
	-Cardec-DM, \
	-Allergan\
13. Adrenergic Bronchodilators\
	-Albuterol, \
	-Levalbuterol HCL, \
	-Ventolin\
14. Phenylpiperazine Antidepressants\
	-Trazodone,  \
	-Desyrel, \
	-Serzone\
15. Toxoids\
	-Adacel, \
	-Diphtheria Tetnus Toxoids Pertussis, \
	-Dtap\
\
Graph 1:\
These statistics will show you the percentage of male patients with ADD in the United States who were prescribed different drugs.\
\
Graph 2:\
These statistics will show you the percentage of female patients with ADD in the United States who were prescribed different drugs.\
\
Graph 3:\
These statistics will show you the percentage of all patients with ADD in the United States who were prescribed different drugs.\
\
}